.\" $Id$
.TH PTMAN 1 "2 October 1992"
.SH NAME
ptman \- preview or print a Ptolemy star's Almagest entry
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ptman
[
.B "-P|-P\fIprinter\fP"
]
[
.B -a
]
[
.B -n
]
[
.B -x
]
.I star
[...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Ptman
previews or prints Almagest entries for Ptolemy stars.
.I Star
should be the name of a Ptolemy star, with or without
its domain prefix, e.g., "SDFLMS" or just "LMS";
multiple stars can be given on the command line.
.B Ptman
will search for an Almagest entry for
.I star
in all the standard Ptolemy locations, unless the
PTMANPATH environment variable is set (see below).
.LP
With no options,
.B ptman
will format the located entry and display it using the
X windows troff previewer 
.I xditview 
if the DISPLAY environment variable is set.
Otherwise,
.B ptman
will use
.I nroff
and
.IR more .
The \-P option can be used to actually print the entry on
a printer.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 10
.B \-a
Print or preview all matching entries across all searched domains.
Normally
.B ptman
stops on the first match found.
This can be used, for example, to see the entries for the LMS
stars in all domains.
.TP
.B \-n
Use
.I nroff
even though the
DISPLAY environment variable may be set.
.TP
.B \-P
Print the entry on the printer specified
by the PRINTER environment variable.
.TP
.B \-P\fIprinter\fP
Print the entry on the printer specified by
\fIprinter\fP.
.TP
.B \-x
Star names must match exactly.
That is,
.B ptman
will not attempt to prepend domain names to the
star in an effort to get a match, thus speeding
up the search.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP 10
DISPLAY
If set, selects use of
.I xditview
previewer.
.TP
PRINTER
Selects printer to be used for \-P option.
.TP
PTMANPATH
A space separated list of domains to search for the
specified star.
Domains are searched in the order listed, so this can
be used to speed up or limit the search.
.SH BUGS
Index information is printed to the standard error output,
which is a best useless and at worst confusing.
.LP
Thanks to the -me macros, the first page printed or displayed
of an entry that exceeds one page will be blank.
.SH AUTHOR
Phil Lapsley, phil@ohm.Berkeley.EDU.
